doc/rbd: Add mirror snapshot schedule information (#60903)
ceph/ceph: doc/man/8/rbd.rst

  details for every mirror-enabled image in the pool or namespace.

:command:`mirror snapshot schedule add` [-p | --pool *pool*] [--namespace *namespace*] [--image *image*] *interval* [*start-time*]
  Add mirror snapshot schedule. The ``interval`` can be specified in
  days, hours, or minutes using the d, h, m suffix respectively.

>   The ``start-time`` is a time string in ISO8601 format. Not providing the

Reviewer: @zdover23 Just for my education, is the spelling without the space conventional?
```suggestion
  The ``start-time`` is a time string in ISO 8601 format. Not providing the
```

  ``--pool``, ``--namespace`` and ``--image`` options creates a global

>   schedule which applies to all mirror enabled images in the cluster.

Reviewer: This is hyphenated for `rbd mirror pool status` command above.
```suggestion
  schedule which applies to all mirror-enabled images in the cluster.
```

  details for every mirror-enabled image in the pool or namespace.

:command:`mirror snapshot schedule add` [-p | --pool *pool*] [--namespace *namespace*] [--image *image*] *interval* [*start-time*]

>   Add mirror snapshot schedule. The interval can be specified in

Reviewer 2: It might be better to write ``interval`` in this context, so that the word appears unambiguously as a part of the command listed above and not just as a word emphasized in italics.

>   Add mirror snapshot schedule. The interval can be specified in

Reviewer 2: That, is: backtick backtick interval backtick backtick with no spaces.

>   Add mirror snapshot schedule. The interval can be specified in

Reviewer: I suggested `*` to try to differentiate between positional arguments (e.g. `*interval*`) and options (e.g. `--pool`), but as long as there is _some_ highlighting it's all fine with me -- whatever renders better ;)
